---
layout: post
title:  "Suprise I'm a Doctor"
date:   2019-03-31 12:00:00 -0500
categories: wellness
---

*tl;dr the emboldened words are the actual content of this post, everything else is without meaning.*

Yes, that is the kind I'm talking about!  So in this post, I just want to cover an increase in my own personal efficiency.  I'm carefully researching the beneficial effects of being near to **lemon eucalyptus and mentha x piperita.**  So far exposure is actually pretty **profound**.  Although is it...  I work for kind of a less-than cutting edge company.  It's very hard to find peers with the same interest and dedication to technology that I commit to.  One of the skilled people (someone who seemed actually on par with me if not more capable) recently left the company.  I'll always regret not making more excuses to get to know this person, but sadly, I tend to not be the best small talker and I was on a separate team so this was our fate, to work at the firm in approximate solitude until we get an offer at a tech company of some kind.  I wonder though, where did this person go, and did I really come off so unremarkable as to not get a farewell email?  I seriously get a farewell email at least once a month at this place from people I absolutely cannot place.  Maybe I come of unremarkable, I don't really know what my image is, no one really knows their own.  

In any case, in my pursuit of a linkedin connection and mutual skill recommendations, I stumbled upon this colleague's twitter account.  And what a stranger this person truely was.  It was full of statements and jokes about immigration and conservatism that made me really uncomfortable.  Remember that tweet where a billion air president called another billion air president a fool for interfering in what is deftly a Russian geopol interest?  That was one of the re-tweets.  There was another where a female twitter user indicated her beliefs that specifically men who wanted to ban guns were the softest kind of men and that she wanted them an arbitrary distance away from her at all times.  I don't really have a dog in that race, I mean, guns don't kill people organ damage and blood loss kills people (obviously...).  There's a lot of weird stuff to unpack with these tweets, but upon finding such a jarring difference in slogan acceptance between the two of us not only surprised me, but made me feel down right down.  All this time, I've been working for this inane organization, and the one person I feel (almost) in-person, positive camaraderie towards was all this time a complete stranger to me.  

I don't really follow politics anymore and have no interest in analyzing the global situation more so than I already do in passively being bombarded with unconstructive and inescapable mass-media information.  But I did want to point out that while I was much **more efficient** in may day, I was also veritably **bummed out as well** and very off task when you think about it.  I wonder if that's related.  I'm also on a diet that is consisting of fewer and fewer grams of sugar which may be related.  I'm also off gluten... There's a lot going on that could impact me.  Who knows what it is, bodies are super weird.  
